Update release note for group by/collect (#7140)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.7.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

### New features

> #### Introduction of group by and collect clauses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Introduction of the `group-by` and `collect` clauses
```

> #### Introduction of the `group-by` and `collect` clauses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Introduction of the `group by` and `collect` clauses
```

> The language now supports the `group-by` and `collect` clauses to perform aggregation-related operations. The `group by` clause is used to group a collection based on a `grouping-key`. The `grouping-key` will be unique for each group. The `collect` clause is used to group a collection into one group. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The language now supports the `group by` and `collect` clauses to perform aggregation-related operations. The `group by` clause is used to group a collection based on a `grouping key`. The `grouping key` will be unique for each group. The `collect` clause is used to group a collection into one group. 
```

> The language now support the `group by` clause and `collect` clause. With this support, the language can perform aggregation related operations. The `group by` is used to group a collection based on `grouping-key`. For each group `grouping-key` is unique. The `collect` clause is used to group a collection into one group. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The language now supports the `group-by` and `collect` clauses to perform aggregation-related operations. The `group by` clause is used to group a collection based on a `grouping-key`. The `grouping-key` will be unique for each group. The `collect` clause is used to group a collection into one group. 
```
